README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="" rel="noopener">
 <img width="25%" height="25%" src="res/ubuntu-logo.png" alt="Project logo"></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">E.L.F Executable Loader</h3>

<p align="justify"> 
The E.L.F Executable Loader loads the executable file into memory page-by-page, using a request-paging mechanism - a page will only be loaded when it is needed. For simplicity, the loader runs only static executable files - which is not linked to shared / dynamic libraries.
    <br> 
</p>

## 📝 Table of Contents
- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Built Using](#built_using)
- [TODO](../TODO.md)
- [Contributing](../CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgement)

## 🧐 About <a name = "about"></a>
Write about 1-2 paragraphs describing the purpose of your project.

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See [deployment](#deployment) for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
What things you need to install the software and how to install them.

```
Give examples
```

### Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo.

## 🔧 Running the tests <a name = "tests"></a>
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

### Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## 🎈 Usage <a name="usage"></a>
Add notes about how to use the system.

## 🚀 Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system.

## ⛏️ Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - Database
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - Server Framework
- [VueJs](https://vuejs.org/) - Web Framework
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>
- [@kylelobo](https://github.com/kylelobo) - Idea & Initial work

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/kylelobo/The-Documentation-Compendium/contributors) who participated in this project.

## 🎉 Acknowledgements <a name = "acknowledgement"></a>
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- References

Commit message:

completed the about section of the README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="" rel="noopener">
 <img width="25%" height="25%" src="res/ubuntu-logo.png" alt="Project logo"></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">E.L.F Executable Loader</h3>

<p align="justify"> 
The E.L.F Executable Loader loads the executable file into memory page-by-page, using a request-paging mechanism - a page will only be loaded when it is needed. For simplicity, the loader runs only static executable files - which is not linked to shared / dynamic libraries.
    <br> 
</p>

## 📝 Table of Contents
- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Built Using](#built_using)
- [TODO](../TODO.md)
- [Contributing](../CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgement)

## 🧐 About <a name = "about"></a>
The interface of the loader is presented in the header loader.h file. This has functions to initialize a loader (so_init loader) and execute a binary (sp_execute)

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See [deployment](#deployment) for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
What things you need to install the software and how to install them.

```
Give examples
```

### Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo.

## 🔧 Running the tests <a name = "tests"></a>
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

### Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## 🎈 Usage <a name="usage"></a>
Add notes about how to use the system.

## 🚀 Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system.

## ⛏️ Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - Database
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - Server Framework
- [VueJs](https://vuejs.org/) - Web Framework
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>
- [@kylelobo](https://github.com/kylelobo) - Idea & Initial work

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/kylelobo/The-Documentation-Compendium/contributors) who participated in this project.

## 🎉 Acknowledgements <a name = "acknowledgement"></a>
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- References
